[Music]
thank you thank you hi I'm Jimmy I'm the
host of this poorly attended house party
welcome today I don't know if sheltering
in place I stopped keeping track of the
date after we cut the calendar into
strips of toilet paper but I hope you
had a good weekend as if these weeks
ever really end it's funny
now we finally know how RadioShack felt
things were getting a little bit tense
at my house last night I told my wife I
want to see other people she got upsets
I said no I just I want to see some
other people so she's on tinder now the
one thing I know is that once this is
over I'm never hanging out with myself
again restaurants are getting hit very
hard right now but many of them are
doing what they can to stay in business
and feed people in their neighborhoods
the restaurant owner in East Hollywood
not far from where we are came up with a
creative way to serve customers her
place is called Cal Abama and they are
now serving from her fourth floor
apartment what she's doing is she's
making these sandwiches and lowering
them down from the fire escape in a
bucket and people love it I wonder if
you can get a bucket of coffee too
anyway this is what it's come to
breakfast in a bucket we're all eating
like the president now one of my
co-workers received what I can only
assume is a belated April Fool's Day
prank in the mail this weekend she got
one of those coupon packs with the
discounts on Charmin toilet paper and
Bounty paper towels but I guess you
could wipe with the coupon in a pinch
right you know I thought we heard all
the bad amenities this coronavirus has
to offer already but now it turns out
it's not just for humans anymore a tiger
at the Bronx Zoo has tested positive for
corona virus researchers think she
caught it from a human zookeeper health
officials say that people who have the
virus should avoid contact with their
pets great
just when you thought things couldn't
get worse for Joe exotic by the way how
did a tiger get a coronavirus test must
be a hell of a basketball player Nadia
the tiger is believed to be the first
animal to test positive in the United
States veterinary health officials are
saying the people who have symptoms
should avoid contact with their pets
terrific and how are we supposed to do
that most people can't keep a dog away
from its own butt but there is one way
you can distance from your pets it's
pretty simple just Guillermo is modeling
it now get one of these and everything
should be fine right Guillermo that's
right Jimmy thank you so we can't touch
our pets we can't touch our faces we
can't watch sports
or can we ESPN is said to be developing
a show on which NBA superstars would
compete against each other in a game of
horse which will be a great way to find
out which of your favorite players can't
spell
I would watch this so at this point I'd
watched LeBron James and Steph Curry
shooting rubber bands at each other I
want something the president wants to
get our stadiums back open soon he had a
call with all the major sports
commissioners over the weekend and said
he hopes to have fans back in seats by
August or September of this year not
because he misses the games he misses
the enormous big mac buffets in the
White House dining room when the
champions come to visit you know what
sports do come back and I hope it's soon
one thing they need to change is the
kiss-cam
that has to go but you know what they
should bring back the wave the wave
disappeared but the wave was way ahead
of its time it's the perfect germ free
celebration you stand you throw up your
hands and then you bring them back down
you don't touch anybody there's no
physical contact then you wait like 90
seconds and do it again
bring back the wave the President had a
doubleheader this weekend two press
conferences on Saturday and Sunday and
he really seems to be getting into a
groove with these reporters now records
show that federal agencies do not begin
up it by the way who you were so sure
who you will this agencies to begin the
ball
some resin readers and now you ready are
you ready Maury just answer your
question because I know exactly you know
same question here skull attack ready
they have done an unbelievable job in
delivering for The Associated Press
which is uh you know not so great not
like it used to be and you should be
thanking them for what they've done not
always asking wiseguy questions thank
you very much everybody thank you you're
welcome
he's right though they should phrase
these questions in a nicer way
like mr. president why are you doing
such an incredible job of screwing this
up
I find myself oddly attracted to his
daily pontification zits like it's the
same every day and it's fascinating
Trump finally broke down and let the
White House recommend that people wear
masks in public but he will not be
wearing one himself he said it would be
odd for him to greet world leaders with
a mask on which may be true but what
world leaders are coming to visit right
now the president of stupid asses Stan
meanwhile while he was saying this the
first lady was tweeting I asked that
everyone takes social distancing and
wearing a mask face covering seriously
Kovan 19 is a virus that can spread to
anyone except your husband I guess
here's the thing even if Trump wanted to
wear a mask you know she'd be running
around the White House hiding them
places he'd never find them like inside
books or under piles of vegetables but
what is the point of telling people to
do something you aren't doing yourself
personally I would love to see the
president wearing a mask maybe then we
could read up his voice to make him
sound like an actual president if this
government we're preparing for a
pandemic why is it we don't have enough
mass why is it we don't have enough
medical equipment it's a very simple
answer Jim I ignored warnings from
experts repeatedly and focused on money
instead of human lives I've dug royally
great question Jim you look good have
you been working at better right we have
a masked singer why not a mask president
this is the weekend that finally
answered the question how many people in
your neighborhood owned a bandana and
for me the answer is a lot of them so
dr. oz did a say
show on which he recommended you wear a
bandana however this gentleman made a
very good point online about the doctors
choice of color oh no that's the bad I
did I yaaay
his concern is that wearing a red
bandana may in some areas indicate your
allegiance to the notorious Street gang
the Bloods which means either dr. oz
made a mistake or dr. oz is a blood this
morning the international advocacy group
global citizen and the World Health
Organization announced that they will be
airing a two-hour television special
called One World together at home to
support health care workers in this
fight against Coppa 19 it will air next
Saturday night April 18th on ABC CBS and
NBC simultaneously I will be co-hosting
this event with my friends Jimmy Fallon
and Stephen Colbert from the safety of
our homes of course and the creative
force behind the special happens to be
the one and only Lady Gaga who joins us
now from Fort gaga
hello Lady Gaga how are you how are you
thank you for it Gaga that's new I
haven't heard that before you can use
that if you want to get some kind of
merchandise printed up that's all yours
how are you everything okay I'm doing
great thank you I'm using my name for
other things now not fur for okay
how long has a bid set - you left your
house actually I think it's been over a
month we actually self quarantined about
a week before it was mandatory so it's
been awhile that I've been quarantined
I've been spending all my time creating
this special that's going to be on NBC
CBS and ABC and also I'm making a lot of
phone calls helping to fund raise with
the WHL and global citizen and we're
really excited about this show because
we didn't want it to be a fund raiser we
and everyone to put their wallets away
and sit back and enjoy the show and we
already have raised thirty five million
dollars for this solidarity response
fund
that is crazy tell me how do you race
there in how many days like seven days
you've raced 35 million dollars it's
been seven days yes and we're still
going we did a call with at least as 68
corporate executives and then I've been
doing other calls with philanthropist as
well as major wonderful tech companies
and they've all really stepped up and
they all want to help and it's been it's
been it's been actually wonderful to
watch and I I just want to help in
whatever way I can you know I think the
truth is that I feel very very blessed
that I have a home I feel blessed that I
have access to good food that it's
healthy and clean and I wanted to figure
out what I could do with my time to be
of service and dr. Ted rose from the
World Health Organization called me and
we started to do this and it's it's it's
going really really well and um do you
know who one of our hosts is I think it
and I think I'm one of the hosts right I
think you're gonna give me some bad news
like Oprah had taken over or something
like that no yeah but we would
understand it's me and Jimmy Fallon it
Stephen Colbert who will get ahead host
well who will be the like the main
because there has to be you can't just
it's gonna be like one person three
heads it's gonna be amazing and also do
you know who else will be there who tell
me the whole thing I want to hear all
the artists that are gonna be part of
this our friends from Sesame Street are
gonna be there which one specifically oh
I'm not giving it all away okay all
right all right I'll be there Alanis
Morissette Oh Andrea Bocelli Billie I
really Joe Armstrong from Green Day
burna boy Chris Martin David Beckham
Eddie Vedder Sir Elton John Phineas
Idris and Sabrina Alba J Balvin John
Legend Kacey Musgraves Keith Urban Kerry
Washington long long Liz o maluma Sir
Paul McCartney Priyanka Chopra Jonas
Shahrukh Khan and Stevie Wonder Wow that
is and we're not done yet are you sure
you have room for us on this show I feel
like we're gonna be nothing more than a
letdown you know what please don't do
that Lady gaga
did you call a lot of these people
yourself like somebody like Paul
McCartney do you call him and ask him to
be part of this I called Sir Paul he was
very very kind and and wanted to be a
part of it and I also have to say that
I'm I'm thrilled to announce that we got
very generous donations from both Oprah
Winfrey and Laurene Powell Jobs and I
wanted to just shine the light for a
moment on what they're doing they also
helped to launch America's food fund a
couple days ago which helps address the
issue of food access in the United
States especially in communities
impacted by Coppa 19 so there are so
many children who are relying on their
school lunch programs and the elderly
and all those funds go to the world
central kitchen and feeding America so
we're very grateful to both Oprah and
Lorraine for doing this and I just
there's such inspirations that is great
it really is this is obviously a
terrible situation but it is inspiring
and reassuring to see people coming
together to help each other it really is
and I think you're putting this together
I I did want to just tell you a little
bit about what the World Health
Organization is doing and what the Cova
19 solidary solidarity response fund
does so that everyone knows what we
raise the money for cuz the the money
will actually be raised before the
special and we won't ask you for money
during the special for a lot of reasons
made mostly because we're very cognizant
of the
unemployment is rising and also that
people are having a very hard time
feeding their children and we want we
want to everyone to enjoy this show so
what we do at the World Health
Organization and when I say we I mean
them but I'm you know trying to speak on
their behalf is the World Health
Organization is an agency to the United
Nations and what the Cova 19 solidarity
response fund does is four things the
first thing that it does is it makes
sure that they get as much treatment and
supplies as they can to medical workers
and I have to say the medical and
scientific workers around the world
right now are absolute heroes and they
are an absolute triumph they're sleeping
in their cars to not infect their
families or their patients they they are
doing everything they can to save lives
it's absolutely astonishing the second
thing that this fund will go towards is
testing so it will go towards home
testing as well as send in testing it
will also go towards vaccines so there's
ten major biotech companies that are
working on vaccines right now and they'd
like to give all the money you know at
once to all ten so that if one hits it
will hit earlier because if you go one
at a time it takes longer to find that
vaccine and then finally they are one of
the most credible sources on the planet
when it comes to what's happening with
Koba 19 globally on a daily basis so
they're a wonderful organization and
it's an international effort so I feel
very very blessed to be able to be able
to work with them and to be able to help
them in any way that I can and I just
wanted to call you and say thank you for
being a host on the show and that we
believe in kindness and you're so very
kind to do this with Fallon and with
Colbert and to do this you know on
behalf of NBC CBS and ABC as well we
really appreciate it
Jamie thank you well we appreciate you
thank you so much for looking out for so
many people
Lady gaga we will be together on April
18th for one world together at home
thank you again I will see you the
Saturday after this that's right see you
there